In the last video, we learned how to define the exception handlers in the controller.
But what if we have multiple controllers?
Are we going to duplicate our code and put to
our controller as a set of exception handlers?
What we can do is, we can use the controller otherwise
annotation to create a set of global exception handlers.
So when exceptions happens in the controller,
this will handle the exception.
Let's take a look at the demo we have.
As you can see, if we have multiple controllers in our application,
we don't want to duplicate our code.
So instead, we are creating
global exception handlers to handle all the exceptions in here in one class.
Let's take a look. So the concept is as seen.
So what changes is,
to award the duplication,
we create a global exception handler file
to handle all the exceptions in our application.